obviously we will see the two goals
deliver the emotions of both teams
when in a party not terrible
there was no one left or 45 here in the
opening of the marker
queen doubts whether or not that ball comes out
the attempt to finish in a right hand
pablo escobar and ends connecting
Check very carefully that with a left-footed shot
down achieves the opening of the marker
it surprised all bolivar had done
best job 558 alley free kick
the ball goes up 62 here is there
a ball nor in shit incredibly and
I do not think it cost him the exit yes and
then in the hand to hand ends with a
bottom shot minutes 67 center that
those auction centers that do not advertise
nothing and here appears equality before the
appearance precisely at the first post
of capdevila escapes his brand that
will control the center piece and caribbean
very fast here is a play this was
the crossbar
ripped the 82 minute crossbar here there
a defensive room and take advantage
pablo for block ends goes by
top 86 minute superb bus headbutt
of cabrera goes up here there is a
center that tenorio again achieves
connect and the post told him no and of
against Pablo Escobar left sector
he achieves the pass inwards he appears
ramallo connects and the bad dessert usually
he said no in an intense match
vibrant here does not manage to connect with
accuracy before a good pass
tenorio a match really of those that
we like to live very well let's see a couple
of numbers around this match 9
right- footed shot hes two shots at
fourteen fouls committed two shots from
corner two faults two good game
two also offside for bolívar
another corner shots 12 fouls
committed seven shots to the bow 22
shots in total for goal and possession
ball 54% for bolívar 46 for the
strongest that narrowed it a little bit
in the middle he was always a little more
favor of the bolivar team that although
he had the position of the ball cost him
find its volume in the second part
of game did not leave the plan as I wanted
bolivar but ends up as a pointer
contest with 34 and nothing of second this
oriente with 33 a being that this vile fear
with 30 10 suits resigned a great chance
but it is with 28 fifth place for the
holy titan orureño with 28 units
also sixth place for bruni with 27
seventh place is real potosí with 26
eighth place for university is in
the position number 9 national potosí with
22 units put 10 for oil tanker
and with 22 points are ultimately
placements in 11th sport boys
with 15 units and 12 for side of
Pando with only nine points
teacher account how the date is played 19
tanker receives the three and a half sport
boy's the holy titan of Oruro day
next will be playing at three o'clock
the afternoon with bill sherman a great match
national potosí at three in the afternoon
also receives right-handed bolívar bills
is playing at four in the afternoon
as real
and university at five in the afternoon
play with the east and close the date
blooming in santa cruz at 7 pm
with the pando uv with the premiere of
marrupe teacher